(upbeat music)
- [Instructor] How was the challenge?
I hope you were able to solve it and verify the solution
with provided tests.
I will work through it step by step towards the solution.
First, we need to create a transaction event listener.
We can use some existing class,
but I would recommend a new one in a ticket package
called ticket order failed listener.
This is also string bean,
so we need to annotate it with add component.
In the class we need a new method of type void
called on order completed event
with order complete the event as an argument.
This method should only get involved on rollback.
Since we need to delay invocation,
only on a certain phase of the transaction
adds through sectional event listener is a perfect fit.
We should also define the phase,
which in this case is after rollback.
What is left to do is called ticket service.
So we will inject it with construction injection.
In the method body now,
we can call ticket service dot create ticket
with an order as an argument.
To verify solution, we need to run the test.
And now we can see our test went through.